<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-network-networkmanager-routingconfiguration

Module to deploy Azure Virtual Network Manager Routing Configuration.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.routing_configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.rule_collections](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.rules](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_description"></a> [description](#input\_description)

Description:   (Optional) The description of the Routing Configuration. The description must be between 0 and 255 characters, and can contain letters, numbers, underscores, periods, and hyphens. The description must start with a letter or a number, and end with a letter, a number, or an underscore.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description:   (Required) The name of the Routing Configuration. The name must be between 1 and 80 characters, and can contain letters, numbers, underscores, periods, and hyphens. The name must start with a letter or a number, and end with a letter, a number, or an underscore.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_network_manager_id"></a> [network\_manager\_id](#input\_network\_manager\_id)

Description:   (Required) The ID of the Network Manager to which this Routing Configuration belongs.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_rule_collections"></a> [rule\_collections](#input\_rule\_collections)

Description:   (Optional) A map of rule collections to create on the routing configuration.
  - `name` - (Required) The name of the rule collection.
  - `description` - (Optional) The description of the rule collection.
  - `applies_to` - (Required) A list of network groups that the rule collection applies to.
    - `network_group_id` - (Required) The ID of the network group that the rule collection applies to.
  - `disable_bgp_route_propagation` - (Optional) A boolean value indicating whether or not to disable BGP route propagation for this rule collection. Defaults to false.
  - `rules` - (Required) A map of rules to create on the rule collection.
    - `name` - (Required) The name of the rule.
    - `description` - (Optional) The description of the rule.
    - `destination` - (Required) The destination for the route.
      - `type` - (Required) The type of destination. Possible values are `AddressPrefix` and `ServiceTag`.
      - `destination_address` - (Required) The destination address. If the destination type is AddressPrefix, then this must be a valid CIDR notation. If the destination type is ServiceTag, then this must be a valid service tag.
    - `next_hop` - (Required) The next hop for the route.
      - `next_hop_type` - (Required) The type of next hop. Possible values are `VirtualAppliance`, `Internet`, `VirtualNetworkGateway`, `VnetLocal`, and `NoNextHop`.
      - `next_hop_address` - (Conditional) The next hop address. This is only applicable if the next hop type is VirtualAppliance, in which case this must be a valid IP address.

Type:

```hcl
map(object({
    name        = string
    description = optional(string, null)
    applies_to = list(object({
      network_group_id = string
    }))
    disable_bgp_route_propagation = optional(bool, null)
    rules = map(object({
      name        = string
      description = optional(string, null)
      destination = object({
        type                = string
        destination_address = string
      })
      next_hop = object({
        next_hop_type    = string
        next_hop_address = optional(string, null)
      })
    }))
  }))
```

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_route_table_usage_mode"></a> [route\_table\_usage\_mode](#input\_route\_table\_usage\_mode)

Description:   (Optional) The route table usage mode for the Routing Configuration. Possible values are `ManagedOnly` and `UseExisting`. If not specified, the default value is `ManagedOnly`.

Type: `string`

Default: `"ManagedOnly"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The resource name.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: All attributes of the resource

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->