<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-network-networkmanager-scopeconnection

Module to deploy Azure Virtual Network Manager Scope Connection.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.scope_connection](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_description"></a> [description](#input\_description)

Description:   (Optional) The description of the Scope Connection.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description:   (Required) The name of the Scope Connection. The name must be between 1 and 80 characters, and can contain letters, numbers, underscores, periods, and hyphens. The name must start with a letter or a number, and end with a letter, a number, or an underscore.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_network_manager_id"></a> [network\_manager\_id](#input\_network\_manager\_id)

Description:   (Required) The ID of the Network Manager to which this Scope Connection belongs.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#input\_resource\_id)

Description:   (Required) The ID of the Subscription or Management Group to which the Network Manager will connect.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_tenant_id"></a> [tenant\_id](#input\_tenant\_id)

Description:   (Required) The tenant ID of the Subscription or Management Group to which the Network Manager will connect.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

No optional inputs.

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The resource name.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: All attributes of the resource

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->