<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-network-networkmanager-securityadminconfiguration

Module to deploy Azure Virtual Network Manager Security Admin Configuration.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.rule_collections](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.rules](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)
- [azapi_resource.security_admin_configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_apply_on_network_intent_policy_based_services"></a> [apply\_on\_network\_intent\_policy\_based\_services](#input\_apply\_on\_network\_intent\_policy\_based\_services)

Description:   (Required) A list of network intent policy-based services that the security admin configuration applies to. Possible values are `All`, `AllowRulesOnly` and `None`.

Type: `list(string)`

### <a name="input_description"></a> [description](#input\_description)

Description:   (Optional) The description of the Security Admin Configuration. The description must be between 0 and 255 characters, and can contain letters, numbers, underscores, periods, and hyphens. The description must start with a letter or a number, and end with a letter, a number, or an underscore.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description:   (Required) The name of the Security Admin Configuration. The name must be between 1 and 80 characters, and can contain letters, numbers, underscores, periods, and hyphens. The name must start with a letter or a number, and end with a letter, a number, or an underscore.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_network_manager_id"></a> [network\_manager\_id](#input\_network\_manager\_id)

Description:   (Required) The ID of the Network Manager to which this Security Admin Configuration belongs.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_rule_collections"></a> [rule\_collections](#input\_rule\_collections)

Description:   (Optional) A list of rule collections to create on the security admin configuration.
    - `name` - (Required) The name of the rule collection.
    - `description` - (Optional) The description of the rule collection.
    - `applies_to_groups` - (Required) A list of network groups that the rule collection applies to.
      - `network_group_resource_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the network group that the rule collection applies to.
    - `rules` - (Required) A list of rules to create on the rule collection.
      - `name` - (Required) The name of the rule.
      - `access` - (Required) The access type of the rule. Possible values are `Allow`, `AlwaysAllow` and `Deny`.
      - `description` - (Optional) The description of the rule.
      - `destination_port_ranges` - (Optional) A list of destination port ranges for the rule. This is only applicable for security rules. Each item in the list must be either a single port number or a port range in the format "start-end".
      - `destinations` - (Optional) A list of destinations for the rule. This is only applicable for security rules.
        - `address_prefix_type` - (Required) The type of address prefix. Possible values are `IPPrefix`, `ServiceTag`.
        - `address_prefix` - (Required) The address prefix. If the address prefix type is IPPrefix, then this must be a valid CIDR notation. If the address prefix type is ServiceTag, then this must be a valid service tag.
      - `direction` - (Required) The direction of the rule. Possible values are `Inbound` and `Outbound`.
      - `priority` - (Required) The priority of the rule. Must be an integer between 1 and 4096, inclusive. Rules with a lower priority number are processed before rules with a higher priority number.
      - `protocol` - (Required) The protocol of the rule. Possible values are `Ah`, `Any`, `Esp`, `Icmp`, `Tcp`, and `Udp`.
      - `source_port_ranges` - (Optional) A list of source port ranges for the rule. This is only applicable for security rules. Each item in the list must be either a single port number or a port range in the format "start-end".
      - `sources` - (Optional) A list of sources for the rule. This is only applicable for security rules.
        - `address_prefix_type` - (Required) The type of address prefix. Possible values are `IPPrefix`, `ServiceTag`.
        - `address_prefix` - (Required) The address prefix. If the address prefix type is IPPrefix, then this must be a valid CIDR notation. If the address prefix type is ServiceTag, then this must be a valid service tag.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    name        = string
    description = optional(string, null)
    applies_to_groups = list(object({
      network_group_resource_id = string
    }))
    rules = list(object({
      name                    = string
      access                  = string
      description             = optional(string, null)
      destination_port_ranges = optional(list(string), null)
      destinations = optional(list(object({
        address_prefix_type = string
        address_prefix      = string
      })), null)
      direction          = string
      priority           = number
      protocol           = string
      source_port_ranges = optional(list(string), null)
      sources = optional(list(object({
        address_prefix_type = string
        address_prefix      = string
      })), null)
    }))
  }))
```

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_network_group_address_space_aggregation_option"></a> [network\_group\_address\_space\_aggregation\_option](#input\_network\_group\_address\_space\_aggregation\_option)

Description:   (Optional) The network group address space aggregation option for the security admin configuration. Possible values are `None`, and `Manual`.

Type: `string`

Default: `"None"`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The resource name.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: All attributes of the resource

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->