<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
<!-- Code generated by terraform-docs. DO NOT EDIT. -->
# terraform-azurerm-avm-network-networkmanager-connectivityconfiguration

Module to deploy Azure Virtual Network Manager Connectivity Configurations.

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD033 -->
## Requirements

The following requirements are needed by this module:

- <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) (>= 1.9, < 2.0)

- <a name="requirement_azapi"></a> [azapi](#requirement\_azapi) (~> 2.4)

## Resources

The following resources are used by this module:

- [azapi_resource.connectivity_configuration](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/Azure/azapi/latest/docs/resources/resource) (resource)

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD013 -->
## Required Inputs

The following input variables are required:

### <a name="input_applies_to_groups"></a> [applies\_to\_groups](#input\_applies\_to\_groups)

Description:   (Required) A list of network groups that the connectivity configuration applies to.
  - `group_connectivity` - (Required) The type of connectivity for the group. `DirectlyConnected` and `None`.
  - `is_global` - (Optional) A boolean value indicating whether the connectivity configuration applies to all network groups in the Network Manager. If set to true, then the connectivity configuration applies to all network groups and the `network_group_resource_id` property is ignored. Defaults to false.
  - `network_group_resource_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the network group that the connectivity configuration applies to. This property is required if `is_global` is set to false.
  - `use_hub_gateway` - (Optional) A boolean value indicating whether or not to use a hub gateway for this connectivity configuration. This is only applicable if the topology is set to `HubAndSpoke`. Defaults to false.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    group_connectivity        = string
    is_global                 = optional(bool, null)
    network_group_resource_id = string
    use_hub_gateway           = optional(bool, null)
  }))
```

### <a name="input_connectivity_capabilities"></a> [connectivity\_capabilities](#input\_connectivity\_capabilities)

Description:   (Optional) A set of connectivity capabilities for the connectivity configuration.
  - `connected_group_address_overlap` - (Optional) The connectivity configuration's capability for connected group address overlap. Possible values are `Allowed` and `Disallowed`.
  - `connected_group_private_endpoint_scale` - (Optional) The connectivity configuration's capability for connected group private endpoint scale. Possible values are `HighScale` and `Standard`.
  - `peering_enforced` - (Optional) The connectivity configuration's capability for peering enforcement. Possible values are `Enforced` and `Unenforced`.

Type:

```hcl
object({
    connected_group_address_overlap        = string
    connected_group_private_endpoint_scale = string
    peering_enforced                       = string
  })
```

### <a name="input_connectivity_topology"></a> [connectivity\_topology](#input\_connectivity\_topology)

Description:   (Required) The connectivity topology of the connectivity configuration. Possible values are `HubAndSpoke` and `Mesh`.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_description"></a> [description](#input\_description)

Description:   (Optional) The description of the connectivity configuration.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_hubs"></a> [hubs](#input\_hubs)

Description:   (Optional) A list of hubs for the connectivity configuration. This is only applicable if the topology is set to `HubAndSpoke`.
  - `resource_id` - (Required) The resource ID of the hub.
  - `resource_type` - (Required) The resource type of the hub. Possible values are `Microsoft.Network/virtualNetworks`.

Type:

```hcl
list(object({
    resource_id   = string
    resource_type = string
  }))
```

### <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name)

Description:   (Required) The name of the connectivity configuration.

Type: `string`

### <a name="input_network_manager_id"></a> [network\_manager\_id](#input\_network\_manager\_id)

Description:   (Required) The ID of the Network Manager.

Type: `string`

## Optional Inputs

The following input variables are optional (have default values):

### <a name="input_delete_existing_peering"></a> [delete\_existing\_peering](#input\_delete\_existing\_peering)

Description:   (Optional) A boolean value indicating whether to delete existing peering connections. Defaults to false.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

### <a name="input_is_global"></a> [is\_global](#input\_is\_global)

Description:   (Optional) A boolean value indicating whether the connectivity configuration applies to all network groups in the Network Manager. Defaults to false.

Type: `bool`

Default: `false`

## Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

### <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name)

Description: The resource name.

### <a name="output_resource"></a> [resource](#output\_resource)

Description: All attributes of the resource

### <a name="output_resource_id"></a> [resource\_id](#output\_resource\_id)

Description: The resource ID.

## Modules

No modules.

<!-- markdownlint-disable-next-line MD041 -->
## Data Collection

The software may collect information about you and your use of the software and send it to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. You may turn off the telemetry as described in the repository. There are also some features in the software that may enable you and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at <https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=824704>. You can learn more about data collection and use in the help documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices.
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->